- [Instructor] The next step will be to add a
Mapping and Home Controller to go to the
search page and then add that link on index JSP.
What I mean by this is if you look at the Hplus application
you have a search hyperlink here.
If you click you should first take the user
to the search page and that search page is going
to provide a form where the user
can input the search criteria.
So all of these kind of mappings where you're just
clicking on hyperlinks and getting
to certain pages we will try to put all
of them together inside our Home Controller,
that's the common place to serve them.
So let's go back to IDE and in the Home Controller
I'm going to add a simple Get Mapping.
Let's call it Go To Search so it becomes
very evident from the name of URL button and say public.
Again, return as String and let me keep the name
of the method exactly the same as the URL button.
Let's put a small Sys Out, going to search page.
This is just so that we're able to track the
entire flow that's all and then we can
just return the search view from here.
Let me spell that correctly, yes.
So this is a very basic implementation of
handler mapping or the Controller mapping
which will just take you to a particular page.
Let's copy this URL button and go to our Index JSP
and make sure it is attached there.
So if you look under your hyperlinks on the main bar
that's what it looks like and that is the search hyperlink.
So here I'm going to attach that URL button
so that when you click you should
be able to go to the search page.
Let's go to the next step now.
Next is we add @RequestParam and
more Model parameters on the method.
So this is talking about the search Controller class.
So let's go to the IDE and we have a search Controller here.
So now we're going to attach
few method arguments on line 11.
What are those?
The first one is RequestParam.
And let us give it a name, let's say search and this
will be mapped to a basic String type of a value.
In addition to that let's also make sure
that we have the Model object ready as a method argument.
So if you remember in the previous videos
we saw RequestParam, Model, ModelMap, ModelAndView,
and ModelAttribute and each of those annotations
is being used right now.
So if you have attached @RequestParam which
means we expect a parameter in the incoming request,
which is of this name and we should be
able to extract this in the Controller.
So let's quickly also put a Sys Out on line 15
which will trap that for us to make sure
that we got the correct text from them, request.
So search criteria.
So instead of doing the conventional way of
request or get parameter, RequestParam is going to
help us quickly extract that map it to the String
and that will be available inside the Controller.
Additionally, we're also going to have
the model as a parameters so that any information
that we need to display on search page after we
return from here can be put inside it.
Then the next step is map the same
request parameter on the form in search JSP.
Yes, so what that means is this search name
that I have given to the request parameter,
this has to be exactly the same in your search JSP form.
So this is already the same,
you really don't need to change it,
the basic HTML content gave you that itself
so don't have to worry about it, that's already done.
Next step will be to add Product.javabean.
Right, so now we're going to start
creating models in our project.
So I'm going to add a package on Com.S.HPlus
by the name Beans and let's create a product Bean Day.
Now what's this for?
Whenever you search anything you need to
display products right, so we are going to create
a bean and it's going to be a list of such beans
that we tape to the JSP and display them for the user.
The first thing that we have to do here is
we have to mark this as entity.
Now this is for the Java Persistence API,
the Spring JPA API that we are using.
You probably do not need to do this if
you're using any other database integration code.
Let's come inside and let's define few attributes.
So there will be one which is the ID.
Another one which is the name of the product and another one
which is the image file for the product.
So we are going to retrieve these images
from the database data and then
we're going to display them on the page.
Let me just right click and generate data sets for it.
There we go, so our bean is ready and I'm going to also
annotate the ID property with the ID annotation
to indicate that it's the
primary key for this product entity.
So the entire fundamental concept here is
that this product bean that we have is now
going to correspond to the product table
in our MY SQL Server, that is what this is about.
I'm just saying, we are telling Spring JPA
that this ID is the primary key inside
the table that corresponds to this bean.
So this is all a part of the Spring JPA mechanics.
If you really do not wish to use this
you can really ignore this, no problem.